= Brahboards

Brahboards is a peer-to-peer surfboard rental app. Traveling to a surf spot and looking to rent a board? Don't surf often enough to buy one? Your board goes unused most days of the year so want to make a couple extra bucks renting it out to fellow surfers? If you've answered yes to any of the above questions, Brahboards might be perfect for you!

== Technologies
Brahboards is a Backbone.js app consuming a RESTful API built with Rails. Other technolgies include PostgreSQL, jQuery, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Ruby, HTML, & CSS.

== Features
* Custom SQL queries to conduct search skillfully integrated with the Google Maps API
* Search by board size, price, availability, location
* Stable booking engine allows users to request and accept/deny bookings - check out the 'Dashboard'
* Photo uploading to AWS S3 using Paperclip (Photos model belongs to users and boards through a polymorphic association)
* Automatic geocoding of board's location upon entry to the database
* User authorization and authentication
* Crete unlimited boards per user
* Custom-written 'Composite View' class for Backbone.js to handle composite views, swap views, delegating events, etc.
* Auto-complete geographic search
* Interactive calendar to check availability and select dates

== TODO
* Footer pages (about, contact, highlighted cities)
* Edit boards
* Send messages directly on the site to other users
* Comment on previous rentals
* Payment processing
* Email alerts when rentals requets are made or accepted/denied
* Search for boards by description
* Save boards as favorites
* Facebook Authenticaiton
